Alright, now that we've seen the demo, let's get into actuator endpoints.
Actuator endpoints are at the heart of Spring Boot Actuator.
They would allow us to monitor and interact with our application.
So as we previously discussed,
there is a number of included endpoints that come with Spring Boot Actuator,
by default, and those actuators provide a lot of useful features.
Rather than me listing them out here,
let's take a look at the documentation and I can show you where to
find a list of the ones that included by default.
That way,
if any new endpoints come out between the time of this
recording and the time that you're watching this, you'll know about those too.